In previous lessons, you've learned to write test methods for an entity object, and you can use exactly
the same approach to test other properties of your user entity.
So let's have a little practice exercise, for example, as a new test method.
Let's test that our database table does not accept duplicate values.
For user ID, for example, let's open user entity.
Let's have a look at the user ID field.
Now notice that user ID column is configured to be unique, and this means that the value in the user
ID column in our user's database table must be unique.
There cannot be any other record in the user's database table that has the same value in user ID column.
So let's create a test method that validates this.
And to do that, we will need to persist into a database table, a new user with specific user ID,
and then we'll need to try persisting another user with exactly the same value of user ID.
And in the result, if we try to persist another user with exactly the same user ID, we should get
an exception message because two users with the same user ID cannot exist.
And if exception does take place, then our test method should pass.
Otherwise, if exception does not take place, our test method should fail.
All right, so post this video course and try creating a new test method on your own.
There can be different ways to write this test method and in the following video lesson, also one of
the ways to do it.
All right, so post this video course and try implementing this new test method on your own.
And once done, continue to the next lesson.